Vice
President for Development, Texas A&M University
Campus. Dear Bob, Please allow me to use this
letter to record on paper at least a summary of my
conversation this morning with Dr. N.A. McNeil.
Paragraph. I met him According to our agreement at
the Ramada Inn, soon after breakfast, he seemed to
be both physically and intellectually a bit older
than when you and I last saw him up at his home near
Moody. And when I chatted with him to record his
recollections of his days here a few months after
that, I gave him a copy of the letter, which is, I
gave him the letter in which I attempted to
describe the probable cost to outline the,
in which I attempted to outline the
work involved in publishing his materials and the
probable total cost.
of publishing his recollections of service in the
CBI theater during World War II.
Paragraph. He, Dr. McNeil, also gave me copies of
his recollections from his student days, his
teaching in high school, and his many years of
service here. He indicated that he would, quote,
like to have them published also, period, quote.
The most important
impression I received from this conversation was
that he seemed to be assuming that he was giving us
the privilege of having a copy of all of his
recollections and that he would give A&M the
publication rights to those. No mention, he made
no mention of the possibility of his contributing
the cost of publication or any of all of these
materials and I did not bring that subject up
either.
He, paragraph, Dr. McNeil mentioned two or three
times that he thought that
A printed version of these materials might sell,
quote, at least a thousand copies, period, quote.
He did not ask me my opinion on that subject, nor did
I offer any observations. However, I would be very
skeptical that such a sales total could be
achieved. Paragraph I wanted to pass this
information on to you as soon as possible because I
fear that this could become a delicate matter.
When I finished the conversation with him, I told
him that I would communicate with you as soon as
possible about our conversation. and would make
you aware of his passing copy of the materials on to
me. Thus, I want to use this letter to fulfill that
commitment, to indicate a fulfillment of that
commitment, and to turn to you for advice as to what
any other effort I should give to this
comparatively delicate matter. Sincerely, end
of letter.
These
fine recollections describe your service in the
Far East during the Second World War. and I join
with you in the hope that they can be published.
After discussing these
materials with
a friend who has a good deal of experience with such
matters,
understand from him that
the editing
of this material,
preparation
of all these pages for publication, and the
printing of a small book of 500
copies
could be done for the total cost of $12,500.
Paragraph.
Please do not...
Please do not
assume that this letter is a contractual
commitment on behalf of Texas A&M, but I
understand that from this conversation that the
sum of $12,500 or less would be the cost of
preparation and publication of these pages.
The person to whom I turned for advice on this
matter did not offer
any recommendations regarding distribution and
or sales
of the 500 copies. He did emphasize that the cost to
print a small number, 50 to 100 copies, was very
little
different from printing 500 copies.
Paragraph, am I correct in assuming, am I correct
in understanding that the quote memoir quote was
the only material that you hoped to be printed at
this time? Paragraph, if I can assist further with
this or any, assist you further with this or any
other
matter please let me know sincerely put it me and my
title copy to dr. Robert Walker in the letter 125th
anniversary celebration of Texas A&M the
celebrating the 125th anniversary of Texas A&M I
assume that you will be one of those 25 greatest
Aggies quote quotes around greatest Aggies thus
this interview will be the basis for for a portion
of that manuscript the only additional effort
that might be required is that I want to ask all of
those interviewees
especially about What, now in retrospect, what
did they learn here at Texas A&M that has been
important in their life since they left this
campus? In other words, what did it mean to be, to
you, to be an Aggie? And then the final question of
most of my interviews would be used in this
manuscript also. what feelings do you have about
for Texas A&M today? Paragraph. But in
conclusion, let me thank you for all of your help to
this institution and particularly with this
effort to record your memories and preserve them
for all time to come. Sincerely, end of letter.
This is a note to Dennis Corrington.
Director, Texas Department of Recreational
Sports, Texas A&M University campus MS4250. Dear
Dennis, thank you for a splendid interview. It was
really good. And I am deeply grateful for your
time. Most of all, however, I am grateful for the
very effective manner in which you described the
development of the fine programs now here that
started as intramurals and are now recreational
sports.
I am deeply grateful to you, sincerely. End of
letter. We provide you before very long In the
meantime, I hope that you will call upon me
whenever I can assist. I would be proud to do so. We
are determined to make the Heritage Preservation
Program a collection, a treasure house of
information so that the future leaders of Texas
A&E University can benefit from the experience of
this institution's past. Let's send this same
letter to Mr. Patterson also. End of letter. I've
missed seeing you for far too long. Thank you again
for all you have meant to me. Sincerely, end of
letter. This letter to Porter S. Garner, Jr.
361 Englewood, E-N-G-L-E-W-O-O-D, Englewood
Drive, Kerrville, Texas, 78028. Dear Mr. Garner,
thank you for a splendid interview,
paragraph. I deeply appreciate your
contributing your time. and your special
memories of Texas A&M to our effort to preserve as
much as we can of the accurate recollections of how
this great institution came to be what it is. My
visit with you was a special step in this
continuing effort and I thank you for your
assistance.
Paragraph. Now I'm looking forward to a similar
session with your son. It might be fun in the future
to compare the Aggie years for the two of you.
paragraphs and again my appreciation sincerely,
end of letter. This letter to Mr. Edwin C. Garner,
307 Dexter Drive, College Station, Texas.
Don't have his zip, it's in the red phone book. Dear
Mr. Garner, what a delightful
visit you provided for me and for the Heritage
Preservation Program. Your interview was one of
the most informative and enjoyable of the 90 that I
have conducted so far. Please allow me to use this
note to record my deep personal appreciation and
to assure you that we will proudly place your
memories in the files of the Heritage
Preservation Program. As I hope I mentioned, we
will provide you with a first typed copy of the
interview as soon as possible.
At that time we hope you will review it, adding
additional information as well as making
corrections of any errors of fact. Paragraph,
again let me thank you for your kindness and for the
splendid
enjoyment I received from that conversation with
you. Sincerely, end of letter.
This letter to Dr. Melvin L. Greenhut, 5814
Constellation Circle, Rockwall, Texas 75032.
Dear Mel, thank you for your letter and your
interest in being a contributor to the Heritage
Preservation Program, which is our way of trying
to preserve as much as we can about how Texas A&M
developed into the splendid institution that it
is today.
paragraph, please let me first respond to your
inquiry about schedule in a comparatively fuzzy
manner. Our youngest child, John, is getting
married at the Highland Park Presbyterian Church
on Saturday, so we will be busy with that event and
its aftereffects until Monday. Then I will be up in
Missouri from May 23 through the 29th.
My wife will be in North Carolina the first week in
June. After that, finally, things will calm down a
bit. So please give me a reprieve, and I will get
back to you in mid-June to see when we might work out
something. In the meantime, if you planned,
please let me know when you plan to be down here and
might have three hours unscheduled and we could do
the recorded interview here. On the other hand, I
would be pleased to have an excuse to drive up to the
Metroplex and come over to Rockwall and do the
conversation there, but it will have to wait until
after mid-June. Paragraph, in the meantime, I
send you greetings and hope that all is going well
for you. Sincerely, end of letter.